What are the names and addresses of all patients?
Which doctors specialize in Cardiology?
List all appointments scheduled for 'John Doe'.
What treatments were given to patients during their appointments?
What is the total amount billed to 'Jane Smith'?
Show all appointments for the date '2023-02-01'.
Which patients have appointments with Dr. Bob Lee?
What medications were prescribed during the appointments?
List all doctors and their specializations.
Show all bills generated in March 2023.
Which patients have not paid their bills?
What are the phone numbers and email addresses of all doctors?
List the names and dosages of medications prescribed to 'Emily Davis'.
What treatments were prescribed for 'Knee Pain'?
How many appointments does Dr. Carol White have in total?
What is the total amount billed in January 2023?
List all patients treated by Dr. Eva Martinez.
Show the treatment details for the appointment on '2023-01-01'.
Which doctors are in the Pediatrics department?
What is the email address of 'Dr. Bob Lee'?
What are the names and genders of all patients?
Which doctors have appointments on '2023-05-01'?
List all patients who have been prescribed 'Ibuprofen'.
What is the total amount billed to all patients in February 2023?
Show all treatments given during appointments with Dr. Alice Johnson.
Which patients have an appointment for 'Routine Checkup'?
What are the names and email addresses of all patients?
Which patients have appointments in March 2023?
List the names of all medications prescribed in April 2023.
What are the names and phone numbers of patients with appointments for 'Skin Rash'?
Which doctors have treated 'John Doe'?
Show the billing details for 'Michael Johnson'.
What are the addresses of patients who have appointments with Dr. Bob Lee?
List all appointments scheduled for 'Jim Brown'.
What treatments were given to 'Emily Davis' during her appointments?
What is the total amount billed to 'John Doe'?
Show all appointments for the date '2023-01-01'.
Which patients have appointments with Dr. Alice Johnson?
What medications were prescribed during the appointments in February 2023?
List all doctors and their departments.
Show all bills generated in January 2023.
Which patients have not paid their bills in March 2023?
What are the phone numbers and email addresses of all patients?
List the names and dosages of medications prescribed to 'Michael Johnson'.
What treatments were prescribed for 'Headache'?
How many appointments does Dr. Bob Lee have in total?
What is the total amount billed in February 2023?
List all patients treated by Dr. David Green.
Show the treatment details for the appointment on '2023-03-01'.
Which doctors are in the Dermatology department?
What are the names and birthdates of all patients?
Which doctors specialize in Neurology?
List all appointments scheduled for 'Jane Smith'.
What treatments were given to 'Jim Brown' during his appointments?
What is the total amount billed to 'Emily Davis'?
Show all appointments for the date '2023-03-01'.
Which patients have appointments with Dr. Carol White?
What medications were prescribed during the appointments in January 2023?
List all doctors and their phone numbers.
Show all bills generated in February 2023.
Which patients have not paid their bills in January 2023?
What are the email addresses of all doctors?
List the names and dosages of medications prescribed to 'John Doe'.
What treatments were prescribed for 'Skin Rash'?
How many appointments does Dr. Alice Johnson have in total?
What is the total amount billed in March 2023?
List all patients treated by Dr. Bob Lee.
Show the treatment details for the appointment on '2023-02-01'.
Which doctors are in the Orthopedics department?
What is the phone number of 'Dr. Carol White'?
What are the names and phone numbers of all patients?
Which doctors have appointments on '2023-01-01'?
List all patients who have been prescribed 'Paracetamol'.
What is the total amount billed to all patients in April 2023?
Show all treatments given during appointments with Dr. Carol White.
Which patients have an appointment for 'Fever'?
What are the names and email addresses of all patients who have appointments in February 2023?
Which patients have appointments in April 2023?
List the names of all medications prescribed in January 2023.
What are the names and phone numbers of patients with appointments for 'Headache'?
Which doctors have treated 'Jane Smith'?
Show the billing details for 'Jim Brown'.
What are the addresses of patients who have appointments with Dr. Carol White?
List all appointments scheduled for 'Emily Davis'.
What treatments were given to 'Michael Johnson' during his appointments?
What is the total amount billed to 'Jim Brown'?
Show all appointments for the date '2023-05-01'.
Which patients have appointments with Dr. David Green?
What medications were prescribed during the appointments in March 2023?
List all doctors and their email addresses.
Show all bills generated in April 2023.
Which patients have not paid their bills in February 2023?
What are the email addresses of all patients?
List the names and dosages of medications prescribed to 'Jane Smith'.
What treatments were prescribed for 'Routine Checkup'?
How many appointments does Dr. David Green have in total?
What is the total amount billed in April 2023?
List all patients treated by Dr. Eva Martinez.
Show the treatment details for the appointment on '2023-04-01'.
Which doctors are in the Cardiology department?
