Who all the patients?
Gimme a list of all the docs.
Show all the admissions.
How many girl patients?
Count patients by sex.
Compare hospital stays in first and second half of the year.
How many MRIs and CT scans done over the years?
How many shots given over the years?
Show all departments and their heads.
Which departments got 'ology' in their name?
List all male docs and where they live.
What procedures Dr. Olivia Davis did?
Show procedures with 'Surgery' in them.
What treatments Linda Garcia got?
List all male docs and their contact info.
Show admission and discharge dates for James Miller.
When were patients admitted and discharged from Pediatrics?
Which departments have a phone number with '555'?
What’s the diagnosis and treatment for Barbara Martinez?
Show emails and phone numbers of docs who treated patients with 'Hypertension'.
Show emails of all Neuro docs.
Show emails of all patients.
List all male docs and their addresses.
Show patients with 'COPD' by name and address.
Who did Dr. Mia Wilson treat and their addresses?
Show names and dates when patients admitted to Neurology.
Show names and dates of patients discharged in 3 days.
Who's the emergency contact for Linda Garcia?
Who Dr. Ava Rodriguez treated in Pediatrics and their diagnosis?
Show names and diagnosis of patients from the last 8 weeks.
Who got both 'Diabetes' and 'Hypertension' and what's their diagnosis?
Show me the names and emails of all the lady doctors.
Who admitted patients into oncology and what's their email?
Show me names and emails of patients whose emergency contact is their wife.
What's the names and phone numbers of all the male doctors?
Who's over 65 and what's their phone numbers?
Who was admitted in January 2024 and what's their phone numbers?
Who treated patients with 'Hypertension' and what's their phone numbers?
Who got admitted to both Emergency and Orthopedics and what's their phone numbers?
Who received physical therapy and what's their phone numbers?
Who got admitted in January 2023 by 'Emergency Medicine' doctors and what's their phone numbers?
Who's emergency contact is their brother or sister and what's their phone numbers?
Whose emergency contact name starts with 'John' and what's their phone numbers?
Who admitted patients to Neurology and what's their specialization?
Which departments have 'Emergency' in their name?
Who admitted patients in both Oncology and Gastroenterology?
Show me the names of doctors who specialize in Cardiology.
Who are all the female patients?
Who got 'Diabetes' in their diagnosis?
Who did Dr. Ethan Martinez admit?
Who got admitted to Pediatrics?
Who hasn't admitted patients in the last six months?
Who got admitted to Neurology with 'Epilepsy'?
What's the procedures for Barbara Brown's admission?
Who got multiple treatments and what's their admission IDs and names?
What's the average hospital stay length in 2022, 2023, and 2024?
Who got admitted in the last 3 months and what's their names and dates?
Who got admitted to Neurology in 2023 and what's their names and dates?
Who got admitted in May 2024 and discharged in June 2024 and what's their names and dates?
Who admitted patients in the first semester 2023 and 2024 and what's their names and emails?
Who admitted patients in departments that ain't their specialization? Need their names and emails.
Who got admitted by heart docs? Need their names and phone numbers.
Who got admitted by both male and female docs last year? Need their names and phone numbers.
Which docs admitted patients in January 2024? Need their names and specializations.
Who admitted patients in the first part of 2024? Need their names and what they specialize in.
Which departments' heads are specialized in Neurology? Need their names.
What's all the admissions for Richard Martinez?
What treatments did Richard Martinez get?
Show all treatments with 'Therapy' in them.
Who got admitted in 2023? Need their names and phone numbers.
Which docs live on 'Street'? Need their addresses.
What's the admission and discharge dates for Barbara Brown?
Which patients were admitted to Pediatrics? Need their admission dates and doctors.
Who got admitted in 2023? Need their dates.
Who got admitted to Emergency? Need their admission dates.
When was Dr. Michael Brown born?
What are the diagnoses and treatments for patients admitted by Dr. Emma Young?
What's the diagnosis and meds for Robert Rodriguez's admission?
What are the diagnoses for Elizabeth Miller's admissions?
Show emails of all female patients.
What meds did Jennifer Miller get on admission?
What meds were given in Radiology?
What meds did Margaret Jones get on admission?
Who heads the Cardiology department? Need their name and email.
Who got admitted in the last 6 months? Need their names and addresses.
Who got admitted in the same month as 'Joseph Garcia'? Need their names and dates.
Who had at least one surgery? Need their names and dates.
Who got admitted in 2022, 2023, and first half of 2024? Need their names and dates.
Who got admitted in the same month as 'Joseph Garcia'? Need their names and dates.
Who got admitted and discharged in the same month? Need their names and dates.
Who are the docs who admitted patients in 2023? Need their names and birth dates.
What's the names and diagnoses of Jennifer Brown's ongoing admission?
Who did Dr. Ava Rodriguez admit in Pediatrics? Need their names and diagnoses.
Show me the names and emails of docs living in Metropolis.
Which docs admitted patients with 'Diabetes'? Need their names and emails.
Who treated 'Cancer' patients? Need their names and emails.
Who are the department heads with a phone number listed? Need their names.
Who admitted patients in Oncology? Need their names and phone numbers.
Show me the names and phone numbers of all Pediatrics docs.
Who was admitted to both Emergency and Orthopedics? Need their names and phone numbers.
Who got admitted to both Oncology and Radiology? Need their names and phone numbers.
Who was admitted to Emergency last year? Need their names and phone numbers.
Who did the Orthopedics docs admit? Need their names and phone numbers.
Which docs admitted patients in Oncology? Need their names and specializations.
Who admitted patients in both Neurology and Oncology? Need their names and specializations.
Show me the names and specializations of docs born before 1970.
Who got more than one medication in the same admission? Need their names, birth dates, and medications.
Who heads departments with a specialization in Cardiology? Need their names.
Show me the names of all departments.
Who are all the male patients?
Who got admitted in January 2024? Need their names, admission dates, and discharge dates.
Who is 50 or older? Need their names.
Who got admitted on '2023-11-03'? Need their names.
Who admitted Linda Johnson in 2023? Need their names and admission dates.
Who admitted patients with 'Stroke'? Need their names and specializations.
Who were the docs born between 1970 and 1980? Need their names.
Who specializes in Neurology? Need their names.
Who had admissions with 'Disease' in the diagnosis? Need their names, admission dates, and diagnoses.
Show me the phone number and address of Elizabeth Jones.
What's the phone numbers and emails of all departments?
What procedures did Dr. Emily White do for all admissions?
Which docs have 'Surgery' in their specialization?
What treatments and procedures did Maria Rodriguez get during her admission?
What's the average hospitalization length for patients who had surgeries, grouped by year?
What's the average length of hospital stays?
Find patients with COPD and show their medication and department.
Group the average stay of patients by the specialization of the admitting doc, from longest to shortest.
How many Hip Replacement Surgeries were done overall, and what meds did these patients take?
How many ongoing admissions are there and in which department?
How many patients had surgeries in 2022?
List all anesthetists with age and gender and show the patients they admitted and with what meds.
List all patients admitted in 2024 grouped by diagnosis, from most to least common.
Show names and emails of docs who admitted patients in both Oncology and Gastroenterology.
List the names and phone numbers of patients admitted by both male and female docs.
Which docs admitted patients taking aspirin? Need their names and specializations.
Show names, diagnoses, and meds of patients admitted by Dr. Benjamin Walker in Oncology.
Who got admitted with 'Infection' in their diagnosis? Need names, diagnoses, and treatments.
Show all names, emails, and phone numbers of docs, grouped by department.
What's the contact info of all patients admitted by cardiologists?
Who was admitted in the same department as 'James Garcia' during her first admission? Need names and phone numbers.
Show all meds prescribed by Dr. Mia Wilson and the names and birth dates of the patients who got them.
Show names and admission dates of patients admitted by Cardiology docs.
Who admitted patients in Orthopedics? Need names.
Show names of departments and the total admissions for each in the last 2 months.
Show names of departments and the total number of docs in each.
Which docs admitted patients with 'Hypertension'? Need names and patient counts.
Show names of docs and the total number of different patients they admitted.
Who got admitted by Cardiology docs? Need names of patients and docs.
Who did Dr. Ethan Martinez admit with 'Surgery' in their procedures? Need names, admission dates, and meds.
Show names, admission dates, and meds for patients admitted by Pediatrics docs.
Who got admitted in January 2023 and discharged in February 2023? Need their names, admission dates, and procedures.
What's the total number of admissions for each department?
Which month has the most admissions on average?
What's the most prescribed medication?
What's the most frequently performed surgery overall?
Find patients that take more than one medication and group them by department.
How many patients take more than 2 medications, and who is their doctor and department?
How many patients got admitted in May and June 2024? Need their names, IDs, admitting docs, and department.
How many patients with strokes got aspirin, and who prescribed it?
Who is taking heparin or enoxaparin? Need their names, admitting docs, and department.
Who has been admitted more than once?
Who are the docs that admitted more than 1 patient in Cardiology? Need their names and emails.
Who are the docs that admitted more than 2 patients? Need their names and emails.
Who got admitted more than once in Cardiology? Need their names and phone numbers.
Who got admitted more than once in Cardiology? Need their names and phone numbers.
Who got diagnosed with cancer more than once? Need their names and phone numbers.
Who got admitted more than once? Need their patient IDs.
Who are the docs that admitted more than 5 patients? Need their names and specializations.
Who got admitted to Emergency more than once? Need their names.
How many diazepam prescriptions were given, grouped by year and departments?
What are the diagnoses and meds for patients admitted two or more times?
Who are the docs that admitted more than 3 patients in the last 2 years? Need their names and emails.
Who are the docs that admitted more than 5 patients?
Who admitted the patient with the longest hospitalization? Need the doc's name and the patient's name, pathology, meds, and department.
List all docs that admitted patients, grouped by department, and include the department head's name.
Which department heads handled more than 3 admissions? Need the department names, heads, and number of admissions.
Who got admitted more than twice? Need their names and addresses.
Who got admitted to more than one department? Need their names and admission dates.
Who got admitted by more than one doc? Need their names and contact info.
Who got admitted to multiple departments? Need their names and contact info.
Who are the docs that admitted patients with multiple diagnoses? Need their names and emails.
Who got admitted by more than three different docs? Need their names and phone numbers.
Who got admitted by docs from multiple departments? Need their names and phone numbers.
Which docs admitted patients in multiple departments? Need their names and specializations.
Which departments had more than 10 admissions in 2022 and 2023? Need their names and number of admissions.
Who are the docs that admitted more than 5 patients? Need their names.
Who are the patients with 'Diabetes' in their diagnosis more than twice? Need their names and diagnoses.
Who prescribed the highest number of CT scans and MRI? Need their ID, name, contact info, and count per year.
Who admitted the most patients and what meds did they prescribe? Need all their information.
Who got admitted to multiple departments in the same year? Need their names and admission dates.
Who got diagnosed with diabetes more than once? Need their names, birth dates, and the names of the docs who admitted them.
Which docs admitted more than 2 female patients? Need their names and emails, grouped by department with the count of female patients.
Who got admitted by at least two different docs? Need their names and phone numbers.
Who got admitted by both Dr. Daniel Lee and Dr. Lily Baker? Need their names and phone numbers.
Who are the patients that got admitted more than 3 times? Need their names and the names of their docs.
Who got 'Antibiotic' more than once? Need their names and medications.
Who had multiple surgeries? Need their names.
What was the most prescribed drug in 2023?
What was the most prescribed medication in 2023?
Which docs admitted the patients with the longest admissions?