List all patient records.
Can you provide a list of all doctor records?
List all admission records.
How many female patients do we have?
Provide a count of patients by sex.
Compare the average duration of hospitalizations in the first and second semesters of each year.
How many MRI and CT scans have been performed over the years?
Quantify the number of vaccinations administered over the years.
List all departments along with the names of their respective heads.
Which departments have 'ology' in their name?
List all male doctors along with their addresses.
Can you list all procedures performed by Dr. Olivia Davis?
List all procedures that include the term 'Surgery'.
What treatments have been administered to patient Linda Garcia?
List the names and contact details of all male doctors.
Provide the admission and discharge dates for all admissions of patient James Miller.
List the admission and discharge dates of patients admitted to the Pediatrics department.
Which departments and their heads have a phone number containing '555'?
List the diagnosis and treatments for the admission of patient Barbara Martinez.
Can you list the email addresses and phone numbers of doctors who have admitted patients with a diagnosis of 'Hypertension'?
List the email addresses of all doctors specializing in Neurology.
List the email addresses of all patients.
List the names and addresses of all male doctors.
Which patients admitted with a diagnosis of 'COPD' can you list by name and address?
List the names and addresses of patients treated by Dr. Mia Wilson.
Can you list the names and admission dates of patients admitted to the Neurology department?
Provide the names and admission dates of patients discharged within 3 days of admission.
List the names and contact information of the emergency contact for patient Linda Garcia.
List the names and diagnoses of patients admitted by Dr. Ava Rodriguez in the Pediatrics department.
Can you provide the names and diagnoses of patients admitted in the last 8 weeks?
List the names and diagnoses of patients who have been admitted with both 'Diabetes' and 'Hypertension'.
List the names and email addresses of all female doctors.
List the names and email addresses of doctors who admitted patients into the oncology department.
Provide the names and email addresses of patients whose emergency contact is their wife.
List the names and phone numbers of all male doctors.
List the names and phone numbers of all patients older than 65.
List the names and phone numbers of all patients admitted in January 2024.
List the names and phone numbers of doctors who have treated patients with 'Hypertension'.
List the names and phone numbers of patients who have been admitted to both the Emergency and Orthopedics departments.
List the names and phone numbers of patients who have received physical therapy.
List the names and phone numbers of patients admitted in January 2023 by doctors specialized in 'Emergency Medicine'.
Provide the names and phone numbers of patients whose emergency contact is their brother or sister.
List the names and phone numbers of patients whose emergency contact name starts with 'John'.
List the names and specializations of doctors who admitted patients to the 'Neurology' department.
List the names of all departments that have the word 'Emergency' in their name.
List the names of all doctors who have admitted patients in both the Oncology and Gastroenterology departments.
List the names of all doctors who specialize in Cardiology.
List the names of all female patients.
List the names of all patients who have 'Diabetes' in their diagnosis.
Provide the names of all patients admitted by Dr. Ethan Martinez.
List the names of all patients admitted to the Pediatrics department.
List the names of doctors who have not admitted any patients in the last six months.
List the names of patients admitted to the 'Neurology' department with a diagnosis of 'Epilepsy'.
List the procedures for the admission of patient Barbara Brown.
Retrieve admission IDs and names of patients who received multiple treatments.
Retrieve the average length of hospitalizations in 2022, 2023, and 2024.
Retrieve the names and admission dates of all patients admitted in the last 3 months.
Retrieve the names and admission dates of all patients admitted to the Neurology department in 2023.
Retrieve the names and admission dates of patients admitted in May 2024 and discharged in June 2024.
Retrieve the names and email addresses of doctors who admitted patients in the first semester 2023 and in the first semester 2024.
Retrieve the names and email addresses of doctors who have admitted patients in departments other than their specialization.
Retrieve the names and phone numbers of patients admitted by doctors specializing in 'Cardiology'.
Retrieve the names and phone numbers of patients who were admitted by both male and female doctors in the last year.
Retrieve the names and specializations of doctors who have admitted patients in January 2024.
List the names and specializations of doctors who have recorded admissions from January to June 2024.
Retrieve the names of all departments along with the names of their head of department, where the head of department is specialized in 'Neurology'.
Show all admissions for patient Richard Martinez.
Show all treatments for the admission of patient Richard Martinez.
Show all treatments that include the word 'Therapy'.
Show the names and phone numbers of all patients admitted in 2023.
Show the addresses of all doctors who have the word 'Street' in their address.
Show the admission date and discharge date for the admission of patient Barbara Brown.
Show the admission dates and doctors for patients admitted to the Pediatrics department.
Show the admission dates for patients admitted in 2023.
Show the admission dates of all patients admitted to the Emergency department.
Show the date of birth of Dr. Michael Brown.
Show the diagnoses and treatment descriptions for patients admitted by Dr. Emma Young.
Show the diagnosis and medications for the admission of patient Robert Rodriguez.
Show the diagnosis of all admissions for patient Elizabeth Miller.
Show the email addresses of all female patients.
Show the medications for the admission of patient Jennifer Miller.
Show the medications for the admissions done in the Radiology department.
Show the medications on admission of patient Margaret Jones.
Show the name and email of the head of the Cardiology department.
Show the names and addresses of patients who have been admitted in the last 6 months.
Show the names and admission dates of all patients who were admitted in the same month as 'Joseph Garcia'.
Show the names and admission dates of patients who have had at least one surgery.
Show the names and admission dates of patients who were admitted during the years 2022 and 2023 and again in the first semester of 2024.
Show the names and admission dates of patients who were admitted in the same month as 'Joseph Garcia'.
Show the names and admission dates of patients who were admitted in the same month they were discharged.
Show the names and birth dates of doctors who admitted patients in 2023.
List the names and diagnoses of admissions for patient 'Jennifer Brown' during the ongoing admission.
Provide the names and diagnoses of patients admitted by Dr. Ava Rodriguez in the Pediatrics department.
Show the names and email addresses of all doctors who live in Metropolis.
Retrieve the names and email addresses of doctors who have admitted patients with diagnoses containing 'Diabetes'.
Retrieve the names and email addresses of doctors who have managed patients with 'Cancer' diagnoses.
List the names and heads of departments that have a phone number listed.
Provide the names and phone numbers of all doctors who have admitted patients in the Oncology department.
List the names and phone numbers of all doctors who specialize in Pediatrics.
Show the names and phone numbers of all patients who have been admitted to both the Emergency and Orthopedics departments.
Provide the names and phone numbers of patients who have been admitted to both the Oncology and Radiology departments.
List the names and phone numbers of patients who have been admitted to the Emergency department in the past year.
Show the names and phone numbers of patients who were admitted by doctors specializing in 'Orthopedics'.
List the names and specializations of all doctors who have admitted patients to the Oncology department.
Retrieve the names and specializations of doctors who have admitted patients in both the Neurology and Oncology departments.
Show the names and specializations of doctors who were born before 1970.
Provide the names and the date of birth of patients who received more than one medication during the same admission and list the medications they received.
List the names of all departments that have a head of department specialized in Cardiology.
Show the names of all departments.
List the names of all male patients.
Show the names of all patients admitted in January 2024 along with their admission dates and discharge dates.
List the names of all patients who are 50 years old or older.
Provide the names of all patients who were admitted on '2023-11-03'.
Show the names of doctors and admission dates for patient 'Linda Johnson' admitted in 2023.
Provide the names of doctors and their specializations who have admitted patients with 'Stroke'.
List the names of doctors born between 1970 and 1980.
Show the names of doctors who specialize in Neurology.
Provide the names, admission dates, and diagnoses of admissions that include the word 'Disease'.
Show the phone number and address of Elizabeth Jones.
Provide the phone numbers and email addresses of all departments.
Show the procedures for all admissions done by Dr. Emily White.
List the specializations of all doctors who have the word 'Surgery' in their specialization.
Provide the treatments and procedures for the admission of patient Maria Rodriguez.
What is the average hospitalization length of patients who received surgeries grouped by year?
What is the average length of hospitalizations?
Find all the patients with COPD and retrieve their medication and department.
Group the average stay of patients by specialization of the admitting doctor, from longest to shortest.
How many Hip Replacement Surgery were performed overall and which medications did these patients take?
How many ongoing admissions are there and in which department?
How many patients had surgeries in 2022?
List all anesthetists with age and gender and retrieve the patients they admitted and with what medications.
List all patients admitted in 2024 grouped by diagnosis, from the most prevalent to the least.
List the names and email addresses of doctors who have admitted patients in both the Oncology and Gastroenterology departments.
List the names and phone numbers of patients who were admitted by both male and female doctors.
List the names and specialization of doctors who admitted patients taking aspirin as medication.
Provide the names, diagnoses, and medications of patients admitted by Dr. Benjamin Walker in the 'Oncology' department.
List the names, diagnoses, and treatments for patients admitted with the word 'Infection' in their diagnosis.
Retrieve all names, emails, and phone numbers of doctors, grouped by department.
Retrieve contact information of all patients admitted by cardiologists.
Retrieve the names and phone numbers of all patients who were admitted in the same department as 'James Garcia' during her first admission.
Show all medications prescribed by Dr. Mia Wilson and the names and dates of birth of the patients who received them.
Show the names and admission dates of patients who have been admitted by doctors specializing in Cardiology.
Show the names of all doctors who have admitted patients in the Orthopedics department.
Show the names of departments and the total number of admissions for each in the last 2 months.
Show the names of departments and the total number of doctors in each.
Show the names of doctors and the count of patients they have admitted who have been diagnosed with 'Hypertension'.
Show the names of doctors and the total number of different patients they have admitted.
Provide the names of patients and their doctors who specialize in Cardiology.
Show the names, admission dates, and medications for patients admitted by Dr. Ethan Martinez with the word 'Surgery' in their procedures.
Show the names, admission dates, and medications for patients admitted by doctors with the specialization 'Pediatrics'.
Show the names, admission dates, and procedures for patients admitted in January 2023 and discharged in February 2023.
Show the total number of admissions for each department.
What is the month of the year in which, on average, there are more admissions?
What is the most prescribed medication?
Which is the most frequently performed surgery overall?
Find patients that receive more than one medication and group them by department.
How many patients take more than 2 medications, and who is their doctor and department?
How many patients were admitted in May and June 2024? List their names, IDs, admitting doctors, and department.
How many patients with strokes received aspirin, and who was the prescriber?
List all patients taking heparin or enoxaparin and the names of the doctors that admitted them and the department they were admitted into.
List all patients who have been admitted more than once.
List the names and email addresses of all doctors who have admitted more than 1 patient in the Cardiology department.
List the names and email addresses of doctors who have admitted more than 2 patients.
List the names and phone numbers of all patients who have been admitted more than once in the Cardiology department.
List the names and phone numbers of patients who have been admitted more than once in the Cardiology department.
List the names and phone numbers of patients who have been diagnosed with cancer more than once.
List the patient IDs of patients who have been admitted more than once.
Retrieve the names and specializations of doctors who have admitted more than 5 patients.
Retrieve the names of patients who have been admitted to the 'Emergency' department more than once.
Retrieve the number of diazepam prescriptions grouped by year and departments.
Show the diagnoses and medications of patients who have been admitted two or more times.
Show the names and email addresses of doctors who have admitted more than 3 patients in the last 2 years.
Show the names of all doctors who have admitted more than 5 patients.
Who is the doctor who admitted the patient with the longest hospitalization, and what is the name, pathology, medication, and department of the patient?
List all doctors who have admitted patients, grouped by the department of admission, and include the name of the head of each department.
List the department names, heads of departments, and the number of admissions handled by each head of department, where the number of admissions is more than 3.
List the names and addresses of patients who have been admitted more than twice.
List the names and admission dates of patients who have been admitted to more than one department.
List the names and contact information of patients who have been admitted by more than one doctor.
List the names and contact information of patients who have been admitted to multiple departments.
List the names and email addresses of doctors who have admitted patients with multiple diagnoses.
List the names and phone numbers of patients who have been admitted by more than three different doctors.
List the names and phone numbers of patients who were admitted by doctors from multiple departments.
List the names and specializations of doctors who have admitted patients in multiple departments.
List the names of departments and the number of admissions in 2022 and 2023, where the number of admissions is more than 10.
List the names of doctors who have admitted more than 5 patients.
List the names of patients and their diagnoses, where the diagnosis includes 'Diabetes' and has been recorded more than twice.
Retrieve ID, name and contact information of the doctor who prescribed the highest number of CT scans and MRI and count them per year.
Retrieve all the information of the doctor who admitted the most patients and all the medications prescribed.
Show the names and admission dates of patients who have been admitted to multiple departments within the same year.
Show the names and dates of birth of patients who have been diagnosed with diabetes more than once and retrieve the names of the doctors who admitted them.
Show the names and email addresses of all doctors who have admitted more than 2 female patients overall, grouped by department, including the count of female patients per department.
Show the names and phone numbers of patients who have been admitted by at least two different doctors.
Show the names and phone numbers of patients who have been admitted by both Dr. Daniel Lee and Dr. Lily Baker.
Show the names of patients and their doctors, where the patient has been admitted more than 3 times.
Show the names of patients and their medications, where the medication includes 'Antibiotic' and has been recorded more than once.
Show the names of patients who have had multiple surgeries.
What was the most prescribed drug in 2023?
What was the most prescribed medication in 2023?
Which doctors admitted the patients with the longest admissions?